Add basic explanation to ProgrammableAndroids section. (#106)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Butcher-Androids.md

A specialized android is created to kill a hostile or/and animal mobs.

## Obtaining
Butcher Androids can be crafted in an [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table).

## Usage

> Butcher Androids can be proggrammed to kill a hostile or animal type of mobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Butcher Androids can be programmed to kill hostile mobs or/and animals.  
```

> This can also can be paired with [EXP Collector](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/EXP-Collector) for automated EXP Farm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can also can be paired with an [EXP Collector](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/EXP-Collector) for automated EXP Farm.  
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Androids need fuel in order to work, you have to fill them with the [Required Fuel](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Normal-Androids#power-source) before booting!

```

## Tiers

> There are three tiers on butcher android, each with different modifiers listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three tiers on the Butcher Android, each with different modifiers listed below.
```

> | Tier | Fuel Efficiency | Damage |
> | ---- | --------------- | ------ |
> | Basic | 1.0x | 4 |
> | Advanced | 1.5x | 8 |
> | Empowered | 8.0x | 20 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Tier      | Fuel Efficiency | Damage |
| --------- | :-------------: | :----: |
| Basic     | 1.0x            | 4      |
| Advanced  | 1.5x            | 8      |
| Empowered | 8.0x            | 20     |
```

An Android that specializes in killing hostile mobs or/and animals.

## Obtaining
Butcher Androids can be crafted in an [Enhanced Crafting Table](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Enhanced-Crafting-Table).

## Usage

> Butcher Androids can be programmed to kill hostile mobs or/and animals.  

Reviewer 2: I think we could also mention the different options here, like "Adults only".

> This can also can be paired with an [EXP Collector](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/EXP-Collector) for automated EXP Farm.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can also can be paired with an [EXP Collector](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/EXP-Collector) for an automated EXP Farm.  
```
